[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're going
to be going through all 20 Marvel movies
leading up to Avengers endgame the only
film not included in this summary is
Captain Marvel as it's not out on
blu-ray yet so I can't use it properly
for summary purposes the summary will be
done in two versions one being
chronologically based off the year that
the film was released and another based
off the title character individual links
for the summaries will be listed in the
cards above and remember to check us out
on Instagram for our various giveaways
so let's get started today we're talking
about the 2008 superhero film Ironman so
let's get started
the film opens with genius billionaire
and playboy Tony Stark owner of Stark
Industries a weapons company and his
friend Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes
demonstrating a new Jericho missile the
demonstration is ambushed and Stark is
wounded and captured by a terrorist
group the ten rings another prisoner
insin grabs an electromagnet into Tony's
chest to keep shrapnel shards from
reaching his heart the two prisoners
refused to build the Jericho missile in
exchange for freedom and instead build
an arc reactor power source and a suit
of armor to escape their plans are
discovered an instant sacrifices himself
while the suit is completed start
battles his way out of the cave burns
the terrorists weapons and crashes in
the desert destroying the suit after
being rescued by Rhodes Stark announces
that his company will no longer
manufacture weapons Obadiah Stane his
father's old partner in the company's
manager advises stark against this and
his home workshop Stark builds a sleeker
more powerful version of the armored
suit as well as a more powerful arc
reactor for his chest Stark is then
informed that his company's weapons were
delivered to ten rings and are being
used to attack Ian's since home village
Stark also learned Stane is trying to
replace him as head of the company Stark
uses his new armor and saves the
villagers while flying home
is shot by fighter jets who reveals his
secret identity de Rodes to end the
attack meanwhile ten rings gather the
prototype suit and meet with Stane who
has the group executed state has a
massive new suit engineered from the
wreckage Starck senses assistant Pepper
Potts to hack into stains computer she
discovers stains has been supplying the
terrorists and hired them to kill stark
at the beginning of the film Potts meets
with agent Phil Coulson of shield to
inform him of stains activities stains
scientists cannot duplicate Starks are
at reactor so stain confronts Stark at
his home and takes the one from his
chest Stark replaces it with his
original reactor Potts and shield agents
attempt her arrest stain but he uses the
suit and attacks them stark fights stain
but is outmatched without his new
reactor the fight carries stark and
stained the top the stark industry
building and star construct spots to
overload the large arc reactor powering
the building this unleashes a massive
electrical surge that causes staining
his armor to fall into the exploding
reactor killing him the next day at a
press conference
stark bubbly am it's to being the
superhero Iron Man in a post-credits
scene shield director Nick Fury visits
stark at his home wanting to discuss the
Avenger initiative the film opens in
Russia with a man named Ivan Vanko
seeing the revelation of Tony Stark is
Iron Man who begins building his own
miniature arc reactor we then transition
to six months later where we see Tony
Stark is using his Iron Man suit for
peaceful means refusing to sell his
designs the Palladium core of Starks arc
reactor however is slowly poisoning him
which is causing him to begin to fear
that Stark makes Pepper Potts the CEO of
Stark Industries and hires Natalie
rushman as his new personal assistant
while competing in the Monaco historic
Grand Prix Stark is attacked by Vanko
who has electric whips powered by his
own arc reactor stark Don's his new mark
5 suit defeats Evancho but the suit is
damaged Vanko states that he wanted to
prove that Ironman is not invincible
after seeing the fight Starks rival
Justin
hammer helps break think Oh out of
prison to have him build him a line of
suits to beat start while at what he
believes to be his final birthday Tony
gets drunk while wearing the Iron Man
suit Tony's friend Lieutenant James
Rhodes played by a different actor than
the first film puts on a suit and tries
to restrain Tony Rhodes later takes the
suit for the purpose of the air force
Nick Fury the director of shield
approaches start revealing that his
assistant is actually Natasha Romanov
aka Black Widow and that Tony's father
Howard Stark was one of the founders of
shield and that fury knew him personally
fury explains that Bank was father
worked with Howard Stark to invent the
arc reactor
but when vanko's father wanted to sell
it for profit Howard Stark had him
deported and was sent to prison
thus vanko's vendetta with Tony fury
gives stark some of his father's old
materials including plans for a new
reactor with the help of his computer
Jarvis Stark is able to make a new
reactor one that replaces the one that
is poisoning him at a weapons Expo
hammer unveils Franco's drones led by
Lieutenant Rhodes in a heavily
weaponized Iron Man suit stark arrives
later in his mark six armor to warn
roads but Vanko takes control of both
the drones and Rhodes armor an attacks
Iron Man hammer is arrested and Romanoff
and Starks body yard happy go after
Vanko within hammers factory Vanko
escapes but Rhodes regains control of
his suit together Rhodes and Stark
defeat Vanko and his drones Vanko seems
to commit suicide by blowing up his suit
after a debriefing fury informed stark
that because of Starks difficult
personality they would only use stark as
a consultant not as a member of shield
Stark and Rhodes received medals for
their heroism
in a post-credits scene SHIELD agent
Phil Coulson reports that the discovery
of a large hammer at the bottom of a
crater hinting at the hammer of Thor
[Music]
the film opens with Tony Stark
remembering a New Year's Eve party in
1999 where he met scientists Maya Hansen
the inventor of extremists an
experimental regenerative treatment
which would allow recovery from
crippling injuries disabled scientists
aldrich killian offers them a place in
his company advanced idea mechanics but
stark rejects the offer humiliating
Kilian many years later six months after
the events of the first Avengers film
stark is suffering panic attacks based
on alien invasions meanwhile a string of
bombings occurs from the terrorists
known as the Mandarin stark security
chief happy is badly injured in an
attack which causes stark to issue a
threat to the Mandarin who responds by
destroying Starks home with helicopter
gunships Maya Hansen
who came to warn Stark who survives
along with Stark and his girlfriend and
CEO of Stark Industries Pepper Potts
Stark begins to investigate in order to
find the Mandarin with the help of a
young boy named Harley Stark discovers
that the bombings were actually caused
by a jaded veterans exposed to extremis
which causes some of the subjects to
explode these explosions are being used
to cover up the flaws with extremel
drift Killian has been manipulating
intelligence agencies to war lieutenant
Rhodes the former war machine now known
as the iron patriot in order to steal
his armor
Harley helped Stark track down the
Mandarin to Miami and infiltrates his
headquarters Stark realizes however that
the Mandarin is actually an actor who is
hired to play a character and has no
idea that the recordings he's been
making had been used to show him as a
terrorist
Kilian reveals that he is truly the
Mandarin and he has been using the
extremest project to cure himself in
other veterans Stark is captured and
Killian injects pepper with the
extremists formula in order to get Stark
to fix extremities flaws and also to
save pepper Hanson has a change of heart
and tries to stop Killian however
Killian ends up killing her Stark
escapes and reunites with Rhodes
discovering that Killian intends to
attack the President on Air Force One
Stark saves some of the passengers and
crew but the president is captured and
Killian plans to kill him live on
television the vice president would
become
the puppet president as Killian says he
will cure the vice president's
daughter's disability Killian is traced
to a damaged oil tanker and Stark goes
to save pepper while road saves the
president Stark summons drone Iron Man
suits to provide air support to roads as
he transports the president Stark
discovers that pepper did survive the
extremis procedure but the oil rig
begins to collapse and she falls to what
seems like her death
stark confronts Killian and traps him in
an Iron Man suit sets to self-destruct
but it fails to kill Killian pepper who
survived the fall due to her extremities
intervenes and is able to kill Killian
Stark has Jarvis remotely destroy all of
his Iron Man suits as a sign of devotion
to pepper and the Vice President and the
actor pretending to be the Mandarin are
both arrested Stark is able to stabilize
peppers extremis effects and Stark has
the shrapnel near his heart removed he
throws his now obsolete arc reactor into
the sea saying that he will always be
the Iron Man in a post-credits scene we
see stark waking up dr. Bruce Banner aka
the Hulk
[Music]
today we're talking about the 2008
superhero film The Incredible Hulk an
important thing to note is that there
was a 2003 movie called The Hulk which
was not part of the Marvel Cinematic
Universe which this film actually is
also Edward Norton plays Bruce Banner in
this film however Mark Ruffalo plays
Banner in all the subsequent Marvel
films the film opens at Culver
University where general Thunderbolt
Ross meets with dr. Bruce Banner the
colleague and boyfriend of his daughter
Betty to discuss an experiment that Ross
claims is meant to make humans immune to
gamma radiation the experiment fails and
the gamma radiation causes banner to
turn into the giant green Hulk whenever
he becomes angry enraged or excited the
Hulk destroys the lab injuring and
killing several people inside banner
becomes a fugitive and the US military
and general Ross want to weaponize the
Hulk process five years later Banner
works at a bottling facility in Brazil
while searching for a cure for the Hulk
condition collaborating online with a
man known only as mr. blue banner uses
yoga techniques to try to keep his rage
under control and hasn't transformed and
five months after cutting his finger on
the line and some blood falling into a
bottle an elderly man gets gamma
sickness from drinking a bottle in
Wisconsin
Ross uses that bottle to track down
banner sending in a SWAT team led by
emil blonsky to capture banner banner
becomes the hulk and defeats the team
Blonsky agrees to be injected with a
small amount of a similar serum to
banners which gives him enhanced
abilities but deforms his skeleton and
impairs his judgment banner returns to
Culver University and reunites with
Betty who is now dating psychiatrist
Leonard Samson banners attacked again by
blonsky's team after Samson gave him up
causing him to become the Hulk a battle
takes place outside the university and
Blonsky seems to be killed by the Hulk
who escapes with Betty after becoming
banner Betty and him go on the run and
banner contacts mr. blue who they meet
in New York City mr. blue is actually
cellular biologist dr. Samuel Sterns
who tells banner that he possibly has an
antidote but it only works after each
individual transformation and it is not
permanent CERN however has synthesized a
large amount of banners blood in hopes
of using it for medical purposes but
banner fears the military will use it
and wants to destroy the blood supply
meanwhile Blonsky is revealed to have
survived the battle and is completely
healed they try for a third time to
catch her banner and are successful and
take Betty to Blonsky orders Stern to
inject him with banners blood which
Stearns warns him will cause him to
become an abomination
but Blonsky insists this causes Blonsky
to become a creature much larger and
stronger than the hull but absolutely
insane
Polanski aka abomination attacks turns
causing him to get some of banners blood
into a cut on his forehead causing stern
to transform as well this is a reference
to the comic book character the leader
abomination rampages through Harlem and
banner is able to convince Ross to
release him as the Hulk is the only one
who can defeat the abomination after a
large battle Blonsky is defeated after a
nice moment with Betty The Hulk flees
New York months later banner is in
British Columbia now able to transform
into the Hulk in a controlled manner in
a local bar we see Tony Stark
approaching Ross telling him that he is
putting a team together say we're
talking about the 2011 superhero film
Thor so let's get started
the film opens in 1965 ad were Odin the
king of Asgard is waging war against the
frost giants in their leader lafi to
prevent them from conquering the nine
realms Asgardian warriors defeat the
frost giants and seize their source of
power the film transitions to the
present where Odin's son Thor is
preparing to take over the throne of
Asgard but is interrupted when frost
giants attempt to retrieve their power
source against Odin's order Thor travels
to confront lafi accompanied by his
brother Loki childhood front set and a
boarders three Odin must intervene and
the fragile truce between the races is
destroyed
Odin strips Thor of his powers and
exiled him to earth as a mortal
accompanied by his hammer my own heir
now protected by an enchantment that
allows only the worthy to lift it
Thor lands in New Mexico where dr. Jane
Foster
Darcy Lewis and dr. Erik Selvig find him
SHIELD agent Phil Coulson commandeer as
the hammer Thor attempts to her
treatment but he finds himself unable to
lift it he accepts his exile on earth
and develops a romance with Jane
meanwhile locally he discovers that he's
lafi adopted by Odin after the war ended
Loki seizes the throne while Odin is in
a deep sleep and offers lafi the chance
to kill Odin SIF and the Warriors three
attempt to return Thor from exile
Loki sends a massive warrior called the
destroyer to pursue them the destroyer
attacks and defeats the Warriors
prompting Thor to offer himself instead
the war sacrifice proves him worthy to
wield Mjolnir the hammer returns to him
restoring his powers and enabling him to
defeat the destroyer
kissing Jane goodbye and vowing to
return he and his fellow as Guardians
leave to confront Loki Loki betrays and
kills lafi revealing his true plan was
destroyed the frost giants world to
prove himself worthy to Odin Thor
arrives to stop Loki's plan and ends up
stranding himself in Asgard Odin awakens
and refuses to give Loki approval
prompting him to fall into an abyss on
earth Jane and her team search for a way
to open a portal to Asgard
in a post-credits scene Nick Fury as
salving to study a mysterious cube
shaped object hello and welcome to
another episode of movie spoiler alerts
today we're talking about the 2013
superhero film Thor the dark world so
let's get started in the past for father
of Odin clashes with the Dark Elf Nokia
who seeks to only show up and known as
the aether on the nine realms after
conquering his forces Bors safeguards
the aether within a stone column unknown
to war mal Keith and a handful of Dark
Elves escaped into suspended animation
and present-day Asgard Loki is
imprisoned for his war crimes on earth
the Asgardian learned the convergence a
rare alignment of the nine realms is
imminent at portals linking the worlds
appear at random in London dr. Jane
Foster and Darcy Lewis travelled to him
banded Factory where such portals have
appeared Jane is teleported into another
world where she is infected by the
aether Thor brings her to Asgard or
Orden warrants of the aether heralds of
catastrophe prophecy El Keith awakened
by the Aether's release attacks
scarred Thora's mother-fricker is killed
protecting Jane and the Dark Elves flee
Thor enlist the help of Loki to use a
portal to confront Val Keith as Mel
Keith draws a throw to Jane Thor
attempts to destroy it but fails while
Keith merges with aether and leaves Loki
is fatally wounded Thorin Jane
discovered portal in a nearby cave and
reunite in London with Darcy and dr.
Erik Selvig they learned that Mel
Keith's plan is to restore the Dark
Elves Thor battles Malky through various
portals and across multiple worlds until
one portal separates them leaving milky
fun imposed on earth Thor returns in
time to help transport mal Keith away
from earth where he is crushed by his
own damaged ship Thor returns to Asgard
where he declines Odin's offered to take
the throne and tells Odin of Loki's
sacrifice as he leaves
Odin his form transforms into Loki who
is alive and impersonating Odin an amid
credit scene we see the collector
collecting Infinity stones it is
revealed that the aether is an infinity
stone and Asgard has an infinity stone
named to Tess Iraq in a post-credits
scene Jane and Thor reunite on earth
while Frost master continues to run amok
two years after the Battle of sokovia
Thor has been unsuccessfully searching
for the Infinity stones and is now
imprisoned by the fire demon Surtur
search her reveals that Thor's father
Odin is no longer in Asgard and that it
will soon be destroyed in the
prophesized Ragnarok one Surtur unites
his crown with the eternal flame that
burns in Odin's vol Thor defeat search
her and claims his crown believing that
he has prevented Ragnarok Thor returns
to Asgard to find his brother Loki
posing as Odin Thor forces Loki to help
him find their father and with the
directions of dr. Steven strange on
earth they locate Odin and Norway Odin
explains that he is dying and his
passing will allow his firstborn child
hellah to escape from the prison that
she was sealed in long ago hella had
been the leader of Asgard's army and
conquered the nine realms with odin but
odin imprisoned her fearing that she had
become too powerful
Odin dies and hella is released she
destroys Thor's hammer and when Loki and
Thor attempt to flee through the Bifrost
bridge she pursues them and forces them
out
into space hello arise in Asgard
destroying its army and killing its
warrior three
she resurrects the ancient dead who once
fought with her including her giant wolf
Fenris and appoints the Asgardian
scourge as her executioner she plans to
use the Bifrost to expand as bird's
empire but Heimdall steals the sword
that controls the bridge and hides it
away with the rest of the citizens Thor
crash-lands on Sekar a garbage planet
surrounded by wormholes a slave-trader
scrapper 142 subdues him and sells him
as a gladiator scars ruler the grand
master with whom Loki has already come
to know Thor recognizes one for two is
one of the Valkyrie are a legendary
force of female warriors who were killed
defending Asgard from hella a long time
ago Thor is forced to compete in the
grandmasters contest of Champions facing
an enraged Hulk Thor gets the upper hand
on Hulk but the Grandmaster sabotages
the fight to ensure Hulk's victory still
enslaved Thor tries to convince Hulk in
1:42 to help him save Asgard but neither
are willing he manages to escape and
finds the jet that brought the Hulk to
Sekar Hulk follows Thor to the jet where
a recording of natasha romanoff makes
him transform into Bruce Banner for the
first time since sokovia the Grandmaster
orders 1:42 and Loki to find Thor and
Hulk but Loki forces her to relive the
deaths of her fellow Valkyrie at the
hands of Helena deciding to help Thor
she takes Loki captive unwilling to be
left behind
Loki provides the group with the means
to steal one of the Grandmaster ships
they then also liberate the other
gladiators who start a revolution
Loki attempts to betray his brother
again but Thor anticipates it and leaves
him behind
Thor banner and 142 escape through the
wormhole to Asgard where hellas forces
are attacking the citizens for the sword
that controls the Bifrost banner becomes
the Hulk again fighting Fenris while
thor and 142 battle scourge and the
resurrected warriors loki and the Siq
are gladiators arrived to help and the
Guardian citizens board their ship
feeling regretful scourge sacrifices
himself to allow their escape thor
facing hella losses his right eye and
then has a vision of
that helps him realize that only
ragnerok can stop her while hella is
distracted loki locates satyrs crown and
places it into the eternal flame
Searchers were born and destroys Asgard
seemingly killing hella as the foam
concludes Thor the crowned king decides
to take the rest of the Asgardian
citizens to Earth in a mid-credits scene
we see that they are intercepted by a
large spacecraft presumably owned by
Thanos in a post-credits scene
the Grandmaster encounters a group of
former subjects who are still rebelling
[Music]
the film begins in 1942 with Nazi
officer Johann Schmidt and his men
entering into a German occupied
Norwegian town looking for a mysterious
relic known as the tesseract which is
said to have untold powers at the same
time Steve Rogers endless in the US
military
despite his various health and physical
problems with the help of his friend
Bucky and dr. Abraham Erskine Rogers is
put into an experimental super soldier
program and it is revealed that the Nazi
officer Schmidt underwent an earlier
version of this procedure having some
serious side effects
Rogers undergoes the procedure becoming
significantly more muscular and strong
back in Europe
Schmidt and dr. Zola begin to use the
power of the tesseract in order to try
to take over the world
Schmidt discovers dr. Erskine's location
and has amis hacen aided right after he
completed Rogers procedure Rodger
captures the assassin but the assassin
commits suicide in order to avoid
interrogation with Erskine dead the
super-soldier formula is lost with his
new powers Rogers is sent to tour the
nation in a colourful costume given the
title Captain America and is told to
promote war bonds while visiting Italy
Rogers finds out that his friend Bucky's
unit went missing in a battle against
Schmidt's forces Rogers teams up with a
British agent Peggy
and the engineer Howard star who
sidenote is Tony Stark's aka Iron Man's
father rogers infiltrates the fortress
of Schmitz Hydra organization and frees
Bucky and the other prisoners Rogers
battles against Schmitt who has a red
skull like face underneath his mask
giving him the title the red skull
Schmidt is able to escape and Rogers
returns the soldiers Rogers and the
soldiers attack several known Hydra
bases using advanced equipment supplied
by Howard Stark including a circular
shield made of vibranium a nearly
indestructible metal Rogers is able to
capture dr. Zola but during the capture
Bucky falls from the Train and appears
to be dead from dr. Zola's information
Rogers locates the final Hydra base and
Rogers stop Schmidt aboard a plane from
using the tesseract to cause massive
casualties all over the world
the container for the tesseract is
damaged and Schmidt physically touches
the tesseract causing him to dissolve
into bright light
the tesseract falls and burns through
the floor of the plane into the ocean
Rogers crashes the plane into the Arctic
in order to prevent the onboard payload
from possibly hurting anyone else
stark recovers the tesseract from the
ocean floor and the wreckage and Rogers
are unable to be located sir Rogers is
presumed dead
Rogers awakens in a 1940's style
hospital room but soon realizes that
something is wrong and rushes out of the
hospital right into present-day Times
Square the shield director Nick Fury
then informs Rogers that he has been
asleep for nearly 70 years
in a post-credits scene we see fury and
Rogers discussing possible future
missions that will affect the entire
world the film takes place two years
after the events of the first Avengers
film which if you haven't seen check out
my summary Steve Rogers aka Captain
America is working for the government
agency shield under director Nick Fury
Rogers and agent Natasha Romanov aka
Black Widow are sent to save hostages
aboard a shield boat that has been taken
over by mercenaries Rogers discovers
that Romanoff has another job however
to extract data from the ship's computer
for fury Rogers confronts fury later
about this where fury reveals a plan to
build three massive helicarrier's
equipped with advanced weaponry and spy
devices to try to preemptively destroy
any threat through a project known as
project insight fury however is unable
to decrypt the recovered data and become
suspicious of project insight fury is
later ambushed by a group led by a
mysterious assassin known as the Winter
Soldier Fury escapes and finds Rogers
telling him that Shield has been
compromised
after giving Rodgers a flash drive
containing some data from the ship fury
is gunned down by the Winter Soldier
Fury later dies in surgery and Rogers is
called into the shield headquarters the
next day to try to find out what
information he was given when Rogers
refuses to give up the information
however he is hunted down by a group
known as strike Rogers meets up with
Romanoff and using the flash drive they
discover a secret shield bunker which
has a supercomputer containing the
preserved consciousness of dr. Zola one
of hydras leaders from the first film
dr. Zola reveals that Hydra has been
slowly infiltrating shield and
convincing the world to give up their
freedoms for a sense of security
allowing Hydra to become more and more
powerful a missile is fired at the
bunker which Rogers and Romanoff
narrowly escaped and the two realized
that Alexander Pierce shield senior
official is also hydras leader Rogers in
Romanoff enlists the help of Sam Wilson
aka Falcon the three find out that dr.
Zola developed an algorithm to identify
who might become a future threat to
Hydra and we use the insight
helicarriers and their massive weapon
arsenal to eliminate these threats the
group is ambushed by the winter soldier
who Rodgers realizes is actually Bucky
Barnes his friend from the first film
Barnes was captured and experimented on
after World War Two and became the
Winter Soldier the three are brought to
a safe house where Nick Fury is having
faked his death for a plan to sabotage
the helicarrier's by replacing their
computer chips during an important
meeting
Rogers broadcast hydras secret plans to
everyone at the shield headquarters
Romanoff is able to disarm peers and
fury forces peers to unlock the database
so they can expose Hydra to the public
eventually Fury kills Pierce Rogers and
Wilson storm to helicarriers and replace
their control chips but the Winter
Soldier destroys Wilson's flight suit
and fights with Rogers aboard the third
carrier Rogers is able to put the new
controller into the final ship and
shield uses this to have the carrier's
destroy each other
Rogers refuses to fight the Winter
Soldier in order to reach out to his
longtime friend the ship they are aboard
crashes into the shield headquarters in
Rogers is thrown into a river
unconscious the Winter Soldier rescues
Rogers and disappears into the woods
showing Rodgers did reach out to his old
friend Bucky Rogers and Wilson decide to
pursue the Winter Soldier as the film
ends while fury goes to find the
remaining Hydra cells in Eastern Europe
there are two additional scenes during
the credits the first shows Hydra leader
Baron Strucker finding an energy filled
scepter the one that we see Loki use
during the Avengers film as well as two
prisoners one with SuperSpeed and one
with telekinetic powers these two are
siblings that we see in the Avengers
second film known as Quicksilver and the
Scarlet Witch who are also Magneto's
children the second scene shows the
Winter Soldier at a memorial for Bucky
Barnes who the Winter Soldier actually
is at the Smithsonian Institute the film
opens in 1991 with brainwash soldier
Bucky Barnes aka the Winter Soldier
being dispatched by Hydra in a base in
Siberia to intercept a car carrying a
case of Super Soldier Serum and also
killing the vehicles occupants the film
transitions to present-day approximately
one year after defeating Ultron in
sokovia The Avengers are chasing after
Brock rumlow who stole a biological
weapon from a lab in Lagos after some
chasing rumlow blows himself up with a
suicide vest and Wanda tries to displace
the blast and ends up destroying a
nearby building killing several wakandan
humanitarians the Secretary of State
informs the Avengers that the UN
preparing to pass the sokovia accords
which ideally will make the avengers
overseen by a UN panel The Avengers are
divided on the issue Tony Stark feels
that they do need some oversight
especially after he was approached by a
mother of a boy who was killed an attack
that the Avengers were involved in
Captain America however feels that they
will become puppets of the government
and the Avengers should be acting under
their own supervision some Avengers
attend the signing of the accords in
Vienna which are bombed and many are
killed including the king of Wakanda
security footage reveals the bomber to
be Bucky Barnes and the wakandan Prince
T'Challa
vows to kill Bucky Captain America
discovers Bucky's location and tries to
bring him in as their childhood friends
T'Challa
also known as the Black Panther also
tracks down Bucky and a massive fight
breaks out in Bucharest and eventually
Captain America Bucky and the Black
Panther are all arrested a man who is
later revealed to be Helmut Zemo finds
Bucky's old Hydra handler and steals the
phrase book that is used to activate
Bucky's brainwashing Zemo is able to get
into the facilities where Barnes is held
and recites the words to activate Bucky
he then questions Bucky to find the
location of the other brainwashed super
soldiers he sends Bucky on a rampage to
try to cover his tracks a fight breaks
out and eventually Bucky regains his
senses
Bucky explains that Zemo was the real
bomber in Vienna
and has disguised himself as Bucky
however the Avengers don't get the
approval to track down Zemo so Falcon
Bucky and Captain America decide to
pursue him along with the help of Wanda
Hawkeye and ant-man Stark puts his own
team together to recapture Bucky and the
rogue Avengers with Starks team
consisting of Black Widow Black Panther
war machine vision and spider-man a big
fight breaks out at an airport and
eventually Bucky and Captain America are
able to escape the others are captured
and sent to jail except Black Widow and
war machine is paralyzed Stark finds
evidence however the szema was behind
the bombings and travels to where Bucky
and Captain America are heading they all
three arrived where the super soldiers
have been in stasis and discovers that
Zemo has shot and killed them all it is
revealed that zimos and
our family was killed in sokovia during
the events of the second Avengers movie
and he has been plotting to pit all the
Avengers against one another so they
would destroy each other this is when
Zemo reveals that back in 1991 when
Bucky killed the two people to get the
super-soldier formula that the two
people he killed were Starks parents the
enraged stark attacks both Bucky and
Captain America and a big fight breaks
out Bucky loses his arm and Starks armor
is disabled Captain America having
defeated star leaves with the injured
Bucky leaving his shield behind Zemo
satisfied that he broke the Avengers
apart attempt suicide but is stopped by
Black Panther as the film begins to wrap
up stark has shown helping war machine
with an exoskeletal leg brace that
allows him to walk again
Captain America breaks the captive
Avengers out of jail during a mid credit
scene we see Black Panther has forgiven
Bucky and gives him asylum and puts him
into cryostasis until they can reverse
his brainwashing in a post-credits scene
we see spider-man
testing out a new gadget from Stark with
the phrase spider-man will return on
screen
[Music]
Peter Jason quill aka star-lord shortly
after his mother's death in 1988 he is
kidnapped and raised by a group of space
pirates known as the Ravagers the film
opens on Peter stealing an orb which
takes place 26 years after his abduction
Peter is a goofy and charismatic
smuggler who is a bit of a jerk at times
and doesn't have any trouble with the
ladies remind you of anyone yonder
yondu is the leader of the Ravagers a
group of ruthless space thieves and
smugglers yondu raised peter after
abducting him bringing him into the life
of space crime
yondu carries a special arrow on his hip
that he can control by simply whistling
working as a very effective and deadly
weapon after hearing that Peter stole
the orb in the opening of the movie
yondu places a bounty on Peters head in
order to steal the orb for himself
Nova prime irani rayel Nova prime is the
leader of the Nova corpse the central
good-guy government seen in the film the
Nova corpse home planet is Xander which
is also the same planet where Peter
intends to sell the orb that he stole
the Nova corpse is at war with the Kree
which is led by the fanatic Ronan the
accuser Ronan is the main antagonist of
the film and as a member of the Kree
race Ronan is a fanatic who defied the
treaty between the Kree and the Nova
Empire and is hell-bent on destroying
the planets and our Ronan wants the orb
so he can trade it to Thanos in order to
receive Thanos aid in the destruction of
Xander Ronan's primary weapon is a large
hammer and also has his own ship known
as the dark aster and a sizeable fleet
nebula nebula is the adopted daughter of
Thanos and the adoptive sister of Gamora
she is a cyborg incapable of repairing
herself and is loyal to Ronan Gamora
Gamora is the adopted daughter of Thanos
and the adoptive sister of nebula at the
beginning of the film she is sent by
Thanos to aid Ronan and is tasked with
stealing viewer Gamora decides to betray
both her father and Ronan and plans on
stealing the orb for herself to sell to
a buyer for an obscene amount of money
Gamora is a skilled and deadly warrior
though Peter does try frequently to
flirt with her Rocket Raccoon and Groot
rocket racoon is the result of illegal
genetic experimentation resulting in
rocket being a very intelligent and
skilled fighter and is also capable of
designing complex weapons and technology
root is a tree-like creature who is only
capable of saying
together rocket and Groot work as bounty
hunters and try to catch Peter for the
reward that yondu put on his head Drax
the destroyer Drax is an incredibly
powerful and strong fighter but he is
completely literal and has no
understanding of euphemisms social cues
or satire Drax's entire family was
killed by Ronan and vows to get revenge
and now on to the story after stealing
the orb Peter lands on the planet Xander
in order to sell the orb to his black
market dealer shortly after arriving
peter is intercepted by Gamora who wants
to steal the orb for herself Peter and
Gamora break into a fight when Groot and
Rocket identified Peter and noticed that
he has a bounty on his head
Groot and Rocket jump into the fight in
order to capture Peter themselves after
causing a considerable amount of damage
all four of them are arrested and sent
to the Clin a high-security outerspace
prison when they arrived at the Clin
Gamora explains the group that she was
going to sell the orb for a massive
amount of money after a bit of arguing
Peter convinces the team to work
together to break out of the prison and
split the earnings from selling the orb
while in prison they meet Drax whose
entire family was killed by Ronan and
wants revenge
Drax teams up with the main group in
hopes that he will have the opportunity
to kill Ronan the team devises an
elaborate plan involving disabling the
gravity of the prison and successfully
escapes afterwards they travel to meet
gamora's buyer on a massive floating
head known as nowhere nowhere is a CD
mining community with virtually no laws
Peter and Gamora meet up with the
collector there who reveals to them the
true purpose of the orb
my new friends before creation itself
there were 16 your attitude then loaded
into existence and the remnants of these
systems were forged into concentrated
ingots infinity stone the Infinity stone
contains a massive amount of energy and
can only be wielded by beings of
superior power however one of the slaves
tries to take the stone in defiance of
him and explodes on contact after
realizing the stones importance Kimora
and Peter decide to take the stone to
the Nova Corps so could be kept out of
the hands of dangerous individuals such
as Ronan but while Peter and gomorrah
were dealing with the stone in the
collector Drax made contact with Ronan
in a foolish attempt to kill him Ronan
arrives on nowhere with his entire fleet
and at the same time
yondu his track down Peters location and
a huge fight breaks out between all
three sides after a lot of shooting
flying and chasing eventually the team
is defeated and they lose the stone to
Ronan Gamora and Peter are left stranded
floating in outer space with only
seconds to live in a moment of
desperation
Peter reaches out to yondu who ends up
saving them from the cold and oxygen
l'espace aboard the dark aster Ronan who
has now realized what the orb actually
contained decides to take the Infinity
stone for himself and places it into his
hammer fanless is furious at Ronan's
betrayal but Ronan vows that he will
destroy the planet Xander and afterwards
he will go kill thanos
we now go back to yondu ship were
shortly after recovering from the oxygen
l'espace Peter and Gamora are
interrogated by yondu after some
threatening and fighting peter convinces
yondu in the Ravagers to team up with
the guardians in order to get the stone
back from Ronan
the deal is yondu and his men will help
the guardians so long as yondu gets the
infinity stone when the battle is over
Peter contacts the Nova Corps on Xandar
to alert them of Ronan's attack and also
to let them know that the Ravagers will
be helping protect the planet
Ronan ship arrives at the planet Xander
along with a massive fleet of Kree
fighter ships while the rav endures and
the Nova Corps fight the fleet from the
outside Peter Drax Groot and Gamora
punch a hole in the dark aster and enter
in on foot rocket on the other hand
remains on the outside of the dark aster
in order to help fight from his ship the
Guardians fight their way through the
inside defeating nebula and Ronan
soldiers eventually the Guardians reach
Ronan Ronan coupled with the power of
the Infinity stone clearly has the upper
hand it seems as though all hope is lost
for the Guardians however while
monologuing about his superior power
rocket crashes his ship through a window
hitting Ronan and causing the dark aster
to fall out of the sky as the dark aster
is plummeting to earth Groot creates a
protective wood ball around the group
which will kill him or protect the
others after the ship crashes a huge
wave of destruction occurs crushing
buildings and a good portion of the city
the group has survived except for Groot
but unfortunately so did Ronan once
again
Ronan being the high and mighty fanatic
starts monologuing about how you will
destroy Xandar Peter sees this as a
great opportunity to create a
distraction
smoothies words Oh ciao things are gonna
get easier
ooh chomp things will get brighter bring
it down hard
J what are you doing dance-off fro me
and you come on
subtle take it back what are you doing
I'm distracting you you big turd blossom
[Music]
Peter grabs the stone and the Guardians
all work together to utilize the power
of the Infinity stone and finally defeat
Ronan the galaxy
[Music]
after Ronan is destroyed the Guardians
trapped the stone at a container only to
be immediately surrounded by yondu in
the Ravagers yondu takes the container
and leaves the Guardians as yonder was
leaving he mentions to one of his crew
how the Ravagers were originally hired
to pick up Peter and bring Peter to his
dad this possibly could be a plot point
for the next movie Peter reveals however
that he switched the container onion
dude
giving onto a troll doll while giving
the real infinity stone to the Nova
Corps to be locked away and protected as
a reward for their service the Nova
Corps expunges all of the guardians
criminal records aboard the ship we see
that a small twig from Groot that rocket
had saved actually turned out to still
be alive indicating that we will most
likely see Groot again the guardians fly
off to start on some other new adventure
after the credits on know where we see
the collector still damaged and heard
from earlier being taunted by Howard the
Duck the film opens with Aisha the
leader of the sovereign race having the
guardians of the galaxy protecting her
valuable batteries from a massive
monster in exchange for Gamora sister
nebula who was caught trying to steal
the same batteries however rocket steals
some of the batteries for himself and
the sovereign attacks the guardianship
with a fleet of drones the drones are
destroyed by a mysterious ship however
and they crashed on a nearby planet a
man from the mysterious ship reveals
himself to be Peter Quill's father named
Eko and invites quill Gomorrah and Drax
to his home planet while rocket and
Groot repair their ship and guard nebula
yondu and his crew are hired by the
sovereign to recapture the guardians
yondu and his crew had been kicked out
of the Ravinder community for child
trafficking primarily referring to how
he trafficked peter as a child they
capture rocket but yondu hesitates to
turn over quill and then yondu's
lieutenant taser face leads a mutiny
with the help of nebula after succeeding
taser face takes over and nebula leaves
to find and kill her sister Gamora
rocketing yondu bond
and with the help of Groot and crackling
a yondu loyalist they are freed and
destroy the ship
but taser face is able to warn the
sovereign we transition to find that ego
is a god-like being known as a celestial
who manipulated matter around his
consciousness to create a home planet he
also created a humanoid form where he
can project his consciousness in order
to travel the universe and while doing
so he fell in love with quills mother
meredith eventually leading to her
pregnancy upon her death ego hired yondu
to collect quill to bring him to the
planet but quill was never delivered
nebula arrives at egos planet to try to
kill Gamora but they come to an uneasy
alliance once they discover a cave
filled with skeletons ego then reveals
to quill that he actually planted
seedlings across the world which he can
Terra form into new extensions of
himself but can only be activated by two
Celestials he impregnated thousands of
women and had yondu collect all of their
offspring in hopes that they would
fulfill the role of the second celestial
when they failed ego killed them
explaining the cave filled with
skeletons under egos influence quill is
forced to help him activate the
seedlings which begin to consume every
world but quill fights back when ego
reveals that he actually killed quills
mother due to the distraction that she
posed mantis he goes empathic servant
grows close to Drax and warns him of
egos plans Gamora and nebula learn of
the plan as well just as rocket yondu
Groot and cracklin arrive the sovereign
drones also pursue them as the guardians
tried to destroy egos brain house in the
planets core rocket makes a bomb using
the stolen sovereign batteries and group
plants the bomb on the brain quill uses
his newfound celestial powers against
ego distract him long enough for the
other guardians and mantas to escape the
bomb explodes killing ego and
disintegrating the planet yondu
sacrifices himself in order to save
quill quill realizes that yondu kept him
hidden for so many years to protect him
from being killed by ego and quill
accepts Yonder was his true father
figure
nebula chooses to leave and to try to
kill her father Thanos by herself the
guardians and several Ravinder groups
have
funeral for yondu acknowledging his
sacrifice and accepting him as a ravager
again in both the mid and end scene
credits we see several things including
cracklin trying to use yondu's
telekinetic arrow
Ravinder leaders to karo board reuniting
with his ex teammates roots starting to
grow back to his normal size acting like
a stereotypical teenager aisha creating
a new artificial being to destroy the
Guardians named Adam and lastly Stanley
talking to a group of Watchers about his
experiences on earth oh and welcome to
another episode of muy spoiler alerts
today we are talking about the 2015
superhero film ant-man so let's get
started in 1989 scientist Hank Pym
resigns from shield after discovering
their attempt to replicate his ant-man
shrinking technology believing the
technology is dangerous Pym vows to hide
it as long as he lives in the
present-day PIMs daughter hope van Dijk
and former Protege Darren cross have
forced him out of his company Pym
technologies cross is close to
perfecting a shrinking suit of his own
diello jacket which horrifies Pym upon
his release from prison Scott Lang moves
in with his old cellmate lois lane
visits his daughter and his chastised by
his former wife and her police officer
fiance taxon for not providing child
support unable to hold a job laying
agrees to join Louis's crew Lane breaks
into a house and cracks it safe but only
finds what he believes to be an old
motorcycle suit after trying the suit on
playing shrinks himself to the size of
an insect terrified by the experience he
returns the suit to the house but as
arrested on the way out
him the homeowner visits Lange in jail
and smuggles a suit into a cell to help
him break out Pym manipulated Lane
through an unknowing Lewis and de
stealing the suit as a test and wants
Ling to become the new ant-man to steal
the yellowjacket hope and pen train Lang
to fight and control ants Pym warns Lang
that he could disappear into a subatomic
quantum realm like his wife the wasps
did if he overrides his suits regulator
they send him to steal a device from the
avengers headquarters where he briefly
fights Sam Wilson cross perfects the
Yellow Jacket and hosts an unveiling
ceremony at Pym technologies lang
along with the crew and a swarm of
flying ants and filtrate the building
during the event sabotage the company's
servers and plant explosives when he
attempts to steal the yellowjacket
they're all captured by cross who
intends to sell both the yellowjacket
and ant-man suits the Hydra Lanyon hope
break free to take out most of the Hydra
agents although one flees with a vial of
crosses particles and Pym is shot
Lang pursues cross while the explosives
detonate imploding the building as Pym
and hope escape cross wearing the Yellow
Jacket attack slaying before laying is
arrested by packs cross takes blanks
daughter Haas at chiller heaven to
another fight Lang overrides the
regulator and shrinks to some atomic
size the penetrate crosses suit and
sabotage it to strength uncontrollably
killing cross Lang disappears into the
quantum realm but manages to reverse the
effects out of gratitude Paxson covers
four legs to keep him out of prison
seeing that laying survived the quantum
realm Tim wonders if his wife is alive
as well
later Lange meets up with Lewis who
tells him that Wilson is looking for him
Anna mid-credits scene Pym shows hope a
new wasp prototype suit and offers it to
her and a post-credits scene Wilson and
Seif Rodgers have Bucky Barnes in
custody unable to contact Tony Stark
because of the Accords Wilson mentions
that he knows someone who could help the
movie takes place two years after Scott
Lang aka ant-man was put on house arrest
for his actions in the Civil War movie
Hank Pym and his daughter hope briefly
opened a tunnel to the quantum realm
where they believe hopes mother Janet
has been trapped since 1987 when Lang
went to the quantum realm in ant-man 1
he unknowingly connected with Janet and
has been receiving messages from her
line contacts Pym and hope about Janet
and they kidnap him when he only has
days left on his house arrest believing
a decoy as to not arouse suspicion from
FBI agent Jimmy woo they worked to build
a way to reach Janet to retrieve her
while trying to buy parts they are
double-crossed by a black market dealer
and hope puts on the wasp outfit
fighting off the black market dealers
men but they are attacked by an unstable
mass ghosts woman who steals the shrunk
down lab of PIM PIM visits his estranged
former partner bill foster to help them
locate the lab where they are captured
by the ghost revealing her identity to
be Ava Starr Ava's parents another
former partner of Pym died during an
experiment that caused Ava's unstable
state foster has been helping Ava
planning to cure her with Janet's
quantum energy Pym refuses believing
that this will kill Janet and the trio
escape they are able to contact Janet
who gives them the precise location to
find her but warning that they only have
a short window to get to her agent woo
almost catches Lange violating his house
arrest but instead Pym and hope are
arrested as they have been at large for
some time allowing Ava to take the
shrunk down lab Liang is able to help
them escape and they are able to recover
the lab Pym enters the realm to retrieve
Janet but they are attacked by the
dealer and his men allowing Ava to get
to Janet's energy lang is helped by his
friends from the first film Pym and
Janet returned to the quantum realm and
give Ava some of her energy to stabilize
Ava temporarily
as the film concludes Lange returns home
and is released from his house arrest
and Ava and foster go into hiding during
a mid-credits scene we see them trying
to harvest quantum energy to help Ava
remain stable while Lang is in the
quantum realm though Pym Janet and hope
all disintegrate due to the thanasis
snapping leaving him trapped in the
quantum realm in another scene we see a
giant ant playing the drums as we see
the world has been affected by the
snapping black panther so let's get
started centuries ago five African
tribes were over a meteorite containing
the metal vibranium one warrior ingests
a heart shape herb affected by the metal
and gained superhuman abilities becoming
the first Black Panther unites all the
tribes except the Jabari to form the
nation of Wakanda though Condon's use
the vibranium to develop advanced
technology and isolate themselves from
the rest of the world
posing as a third world nation in 1992
King - Chaka visits his brother nacho
boo who is working undercover in Oakland
California
- Chaka accuses new Jobu of assisting
black market arms dealer ulysses klaw
with stealing vibranium for makanda 'no
joe whose partner reveals that he is
actually Zuri another undercover
wakandan and confirms to Chaka
suspicions in present day following to
chacas death his son - Chawla returns to
Wakanda to assume the throne he and a
coy Eve the leader of the Dora mulashi
regimen extract Nakia
T'Challa sex love from an undercover
assignment so she can attend his
coronation ceremony along with his
mother Amanda and his younger sister
Cherie at the ceremony the jabari tribes
leader baku challenges to Chawla for the
crown in a ritual combat the Chawla
defeats in Baku and persuades him to
yield rather than to die in the combat
after Klaw and Erik Stephens steal OA
Condon artifact from a museum will copy
the chalice friend and a coil of urges
him to bring claw back dead or alive
T'Challa Ocoee and Nakia traveled to
South Korea where Klaw plans to sell the
artifact to CIA agent ever at Cairo
a firefight erupts and claw attempts to
flee but is caught by a attache Allah
who reluctantly releases him into Ross's
custody Erik attacks and extracts claw
as Ross is severely injured protecting
Nakia rather than pursue cloth T'Challa
takes Ross to Wakanda where their
technology can save his life while Shuri
heals Ross T'Challa confront Zuri Zuri
explains that in the Jobu planned to
share what condom technology with people
of African descent around the world to
help them conquer their oppressors esta
Kaka was arresting a Joe boo back in
1992 a Jobu attack Zuri was forced to
Chaka to kill me Joe boo to Chaka
ordered Zuri to lie that no Joe boo had
disappeared and left behind his American
son Eric in order to maintain the live
Eric became a US Black Ops soldier
adopting the name kill monger meanwhile
Eric kills Klaw and takes his body to
Wakanda he is brought before the tribal
elders revealing his identity and
claimed at the throne Erik aka kill
monger challenges Chawla and ritual
combat after killing Zuri he defeats
T'Challa and hurls him over a waterfall
after ingesting the heart shape herb
Eric orders the rest of the powerful
fruit to be burned but Nakia is able to
steal one Erik supported by a copy in
his army prepares to distribute
shipments of all condon weapons to
operatives around the world
Nakia cherie ramn de and Ross flee to
the Javari tribe for aid they find a
comatose T'Challa rescued by the Jabari
in repayment from Baku's life healed by
nakiya's erb2 Chawla returns to fight
kill mugger who is now wearing his own
suit and commands will copy in his army
to attack T'Challa Shuri
Nakia and the doora mulashi joined to
Chawla while Ross remotely pilots a jet
to fight and shoot down planes carrying
vibranium weapons mbaku and the Jabari
tribe arrived to reinforce T'Challa
confronted by Ocoee while kabhi and his
army stand down fighting in wakandans
vibranium mine T'Challa disrupts kill
monger suit and stabs him kill monger
refuses to be healed choosing to die a
free man
rather than be incarcerated T'Challa
decides that kill monger had some valid
points and they do need to extend
themselves into the outside world
creating a Outreach Center building in
California where new Jobu died in a
mid-credits scene we see Chawla appears
before the United Nations to reveal that
wakandans true nature to the world
in a post-credits scene Shuri helps
Bucky Barnes with his recuperation film
opens in Nepal where we see the sorcerer
Elias and his zealots entering into the
secret compound Kimura Taj and they
behead its librarian they steal a few
pages from an ancient text belonging to
the ancient one a long-lived sorcerer
who taught every student at Kumar Taj
including Callias in the mystic arts the
ancient one pursues the traders but they
escape in New York an acclaimed
neurosurgeon Stephen strange is badly
injured in a car accident and is now
unable to operate fellow surgeons and
his former lover Christine Palmer tried
to convince him to move on but strange
pursues experimental surgeries to heal
his hands strange learns of a paraplegic
man who mysteriously now has full use of
his legs strange is directed to kamar
Taj where he has taken in by Mordo a
sorcerer under the ancient one the
ancient one demonstrates her powers too
strange revealing that there are a
variety of dimensions such as the mirror
dimension she agrees to train strange
though his arrogance reminds her of
Callias strange excels very quickly
regaining use in his hands studying
under the ancient one in Mordo and
reading ancient books from the library
guarded by master Wang strange learns
that earth is protected from other
dimensions by three buildings called
sanctum with their locations being in
New York London and Hong Kong all of
which are accessible through Kumar Taj
it is the job of the sorcerers to
protect the sanctums strange reads from
the same book that Kaley is stole from
learning to bend time using the eye of
agamotto Mordo and Juan warn strange
against breaking the laws of nature
comparing it to Kelly as his desire for
eternal life Kaylee's uses the stolen
pages to contact a powerful being
Dormammu of the dark dimension where
time is non-existent kailia sand his
four
is destroy the London sanctum in order
to weaken Earth's protection they then
attacked the New York sanctum killing
off its guardian but strange is able to
hold them off using the cloak of
levitation until Mordo and the ancient
one arrived Mordo and stranger become
disillusioned however by the ancient one
as they discover that she has been using
forbidden magic from the Dark Dimension
to give her eternal life Kay leus is
able to mortally wound the ancient one
and escapes to Hong Kong the ancient one
then tells strange that he too will have
to bend the laws of nature in order to
feed chaos strange in morto arrived in
Hong Kong to find master Wong dead and
the sanctum destroyed with a Dark
Dimension taking over Earth strange uses
the eye of agamotto to reverse time and
is able to save one and then strange
enters into the Dark Dimension to face
Dormammu he creates an infinite time
loop with her mama with Dormammu being
unable to escape after killing strange
several times and still unable to break
the time with her mom who agrees to
leave earth and take Helius and his
followers with him in order to break the
time loop Mordo is disgusted with
strange for breaking the laws of nature
and leaves
strange returns the eye of agamotto to
kamar Tosh and moves to the New York
sanctum to continue his studies in the
mid credit scene we see strange helping
Thor who brought his brother Loki to
earth in order to search for their
father and Louden the scene is actually
directly from the new thor ragnarok film
in the post-credits scene we see moral
confronting the former paralyzed man
stating that earth has too many
sorcerers hinting that Mordo might
become the next villain following the
events of the first Avengers film Adrian
Toomes in his salvage company acquired
alien technology which they decide to
make into illegal weapons we transition
to eight years later where we find Peter
Parker already having worked with the
Avengers now going to school and
frustrated that he is not a full-time
Avenger Peter quits his school's
academic decathlon team to focus on
crime-fighting as spider-man one night
however Peters best friend Ned learns of
Peters secret identity
Peter also encounters tombs associate
Jackson Bryce aka the Shocker and
Hermann Schulz who are selling weapons
to a local criminal
named Aaron Davis Peter saves to Davis
when a fight breaks out but Peter is
attacked by Toombs who is in a large
Fulcher like flight suit which is the
classic spider-man villain the vulture
Peter is rescued by Tony Stark who is
monitoring the spider-man suit which
Stark built and warns against Peter
getting involved with these criminals
anymore
later tooms kills Bryce and Schultz
becomes the new shocker
Peter and Ned's study the weapon left
behind by tooms crew and remove its
Power Core
Peter is able to track the criminals to
Maryland so he hitches a ride with his
Decathlon team which are travelling to
Washington DC for their tournament Peter
and Ned are able to disable the
spider-man suits
tracker and enable the suits more
advanced features Peter tries to stop
tooms from stealing from a weapons
convoy but is trapped inside one of the
trucks and is locked in a secure
facility for the night which causes him
to miss the decathlon tournament Peter
discovers that the Power Core the net is
still carrying has become unstable and
leads to the whole decathlon being
trapped in an elevator when the core
explodes
Peter rushes in and saves his classmate
including his crush Liz back in New York
City Peter meets with a criminal Davis
that was seen earlier to find out tombs
location he arrives in the Staten Island
Ferry and Peter attempts to stop tombs
but the ferry is cut in half when a
weapon malfunctions and tooms escapes
Stark arrives to save the passenger and
then borates Peter for his actions and
takes his suit Peter returns to school
and asked Liz to come with him to the
homecoming dance on the night of the
dance he learns that Liz's dad as tooms
tombs figures out that Peter is really
spider-man and threatens Peter if he
tries to intervene with his plans Peter
realizes that tooms plans to attack the
plane transporting weapons from the
Avengers tower peter dons his homemade
spider-man suit and intercepts the plane
while fighting tombs and it crashes on a
beach they continue fighting
Peter saves tombs his life from a deadly
explosion and then ties up tombs for the
police to find him after her father's
arrest Liv's moves away and Peter
declines an invitation to become a
full-time Avenger in favor of being a
student and a neighborhood superhero we
also find out that one of his classmates
who's been teasing him throughout the
film
actually goes by the nickname MJ hinting
at a possible girlfriend and love
interest Sark also gives Peter back his
suit which Aunt May walks in just as
he's putting on discovering Peters
superhero identity in a mid credit scene
we see Toombs in prison being questioned
about spider-man's real identity but
tooms denies knowing anything about his
secret get started let's do a quick
rundown of the Avengers team Tony Stark
aka Iron Man he's a billionaire genius
that has no actual powers but incredibly
advanced technology that helps him fight
bad guys Thor
aka pretty boy from Asgard the god of
thunder who carries a hammer that cannot
be moved Bruce Banner aka the Hulk
a scientist that when he gets angry
becomes a massive green creature that is
nearly invincible Steve Rogers aka
Captain America a genetically enhanced
man from the 1940s that was frozen for
70 years and is sometimes a bit of out
of touch with modern times Clint Barton
aka Hawkeye a new character to the
modern Marvel movie universe who does
not have his own individual movie and
frankly no one really cares about him
Paul Kai's weapon of choice is a bow and
arrow but does not have any real
specific superpowers Natasha Romanoff
aka Black Widow
honestly safer maybe pretty boy Thor
she's the best looking member of the
Avengers she also does not have her own
movie but I definitely watch it if she
did she's a highly trained former Soviet
spy who is a master assassin and
seductress Nick Fury while not an actual
Avenger he's the director of shield an
organization that is sort of like a
souped-up CIA that sometimes uses
superheroes the avengers work as a part
of shield now that we've explained who
is part of the team let's get to the
story the movie begins with Thor's
not-so-nice brother Loki Loki meets a
character called the other who is the
leader of an alien race known as the
Chitauri if Loki gets an object called
the tesseract from shield and gives it
to the other the other will give Loki an
army capable of taking over earth the
tesseract has been
Sene and quite a few other Marvel movies
especially in the first Captain America
movie I will be doing a summary of those
movies explaining the history a bit more
so make sure to check them out the
tesseract is an infinity stone for more
in-depth explanation of what Infinity
stones are check out my guardians of the
galaxy movie summary the main thing to
know about the tesseract is it's a cube
of great power and the other wants it so
he can give it to his master
Thanos nearly all of the recent Marvel
movies at least on some level have been
influenced by Thanos but we only have
seen glimpses of him Thanos is gonna be
playing a big role in the future and his
desire to get his hands on the Infinity
stones is very important loki breaks
into the shield headquarters and ends up
capturing the tesseract as well as mind
controlling a good amount of shield
scientists including dr. Erik Selvig the
professor from the Thor movies as well
as Hawkeye Nick Fury escapes this attack
and works to get the Avengers together
which does take a bit of convincing the
mind controlled Hawkeye ends up stealing
iridium that is needed to stabilize the
tesseract while at the same time
Loki makes a very loud and obvious
distraction Loki is captured by the
Avengers and taken to shield ship known
as the Helicarrier
however the tesseract is still hidden
away from the Avengers after some
investigating the Avengers learned that
shield wants the tesseract cube so they
can weaponize it which starts a big
argument between the agents of shield
and the members of the Avengers while
arguing the mind controlled Hawkeye and
several others of Loki's crew attacked
the Helicarrier a big fight breaks out
Loki escapes and Hawkeye is knocked
unconscious which breaks him from his
mind control the Avengers attempt to
recover while Loki puts the final parts
of his plan into action
the still mind controlled dr. Selvig has
set up the tesseract on the roof of a
building in New York City which he uses
to open a massive wormhole from the
wormhole a giant army of Chitauri pours
in the same army that the other promised
to Loki for capturing the tesseract
a huge fight breaks out between Loki's
army and the Avengers the US government
attempts to use a nuclear missile to
destroy the whole city of New York in
order to prevent the attack from
spreading but iron man takes the missile
through the wormhole causing it to
detonate on the other side in a galaxy
far away the explosion causes the
wormhole to close and Iron Man falls
back to earth Loki is defeated in a
rather brutal way by the Hulk and then
Thor takes both Loki and the tesseract
back to Asgard film opens with the
Avengers raiding a Hydra facility in
sokovia commanded by Baron Wolfgang von
Strucker who has been experimenting on
humans using the scepter previously
wielded by Loki they encounter test
subjects Pierre Joe and Wanda Maximoff
who are Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch as
well as apprehending Strucker and Loki's
scepter as a quick side note these are
actually the kids of magneto from the
x-men universe but due to licensing
issues they cannot refer to this stark
and banner The Hulk discovered
artificial intelligence within the
scepters gem and secretly use it to
complete Starks Ultron global defense
program it creates a sentient being who
believes he must eradicate humanity to
save earth
it destroys Starks AI Jarvis and attacks
the Avengers at their headquarters
Ultron escapes with the scepter and uses
the resources at the Hydra base to
upgrade his body and build an army of
robot drones having killed Strucker he
recruits the maximum of siblings and
sets off to a pain run conda vibranium
the Avengers arrive and attack Ultron
but the Scarlet Witch subdues them with
haunting visions the team goes into
hiding in a safe house reeling from the
visions Thor departs to consult dr. Erik
Selvig on the meaning of the apocalyptic
future he saw in his hallucination Nick
Fury arrives and encourages the rest of
the team not to break part and a form a
plan to stop Ultron meanwhile Ultron
forces the teens friend dr. Helen Cho to
use her synthetic tissue technology
together with the vibranium and the
scepters gem to perfect a new body for
him as Ultron uploads himself into the
body
The Scarlet Witch reads his mind
discovering his plan
for human extinction the Maximoff
siblings turn against Ultron some of the
team fine Ultron and retrieve the
synthetic body the Ultron captures Black
Widow the team fight amongst themselves
while Stark secretly uploads Jarvis who
hid from Ultron inside the internet into
the synthetic body Thor returns to help
activate the body explaining that the
gem on its brow is one of the six
Infinity stones and was part of his
vision this vision and the maximal
siblings accompany the Avengers return
to sokovia where Ultron has used the
remaining vibranium to build a machine
to lift the large part of the capital
skyward intending to crash it into the
ground to cause global extinction banner
rescues Black Widow why the Avengers
fight Ultron's army fury and others
evacuate civilians Quicksilver dies when
he shields Hawkeye from gunfire and a
vengeful Scarlet Witch abandons her post
to destroy Ultron's primary body which
allows one of his drones to activate the
machine the city plummets but stark and
Thor overload the machine and shattered
the landmass and the aftermath the Hulk
departs while the vision confronts
Ultron's last remaining body later the
avengers establish new base Thor returns
to Asgard stark leaves Hawkeye retires
and Captain America with Black Widow
prepared to train new Avengers an amid
credit scene we see those failed to
retrieve the Infinity stones for himself
hinting at the next Avengers film the
film opens with Thanos taking the Power
Stone from the planet Xander in Thanos
and his lieutenants having intercepted
the spaceship during the Asgardian
survivors from the end of thor ragnarok
vanos obtains the tesseract after
fighting Thor and Hulk and kills Loki
the Hulk is sent to earth and Thanos
uses the space stone inside the
tesseract to open a portal before
destroying the ship and the Asgardians
the hulk arrives in New York back in the
form of Bruce Banner he warns Doctor
Strange Wong and Tony Stark about Thanos
two of thanasis lieutenants have a NEMA
and cull obsidian arrived on earth to
obtain the time stone from Doctor
Strange the capture dr. strange and
leave earth with spider-man and Tony
Stark sneaking aboard in Scotland
Thanos's other lieutenants Proxima
midnight and Corvus glaive attacked the
Scarlet Witch envisioned to get the mine
stone from visions 4head Captain America
Black Widow and Falcon intervene and
they meet up with war machine and banner
back at the avengers headquarters they
decided vision should go to Wakanda to
have his mine stone removed so that they
can destroy before Thanos can get it the
film transitions to the guardians of the
galaxy responding to distress call and
rescuing Thor together they try to stop
vanos from getting the reality stone
from the collector on nowhere while
rocket and Groot travel with Thor to go
create a battle axe that is capable of
defeating Thanos they are unable to stop
Thanos however and he kidnaps Gamora
Thanos course is the location of the
soul stone from Gamora by torturing
gomorrah's adoptive sister nebula Thanos
sing Tamura traveled to Boromir where
they are met by Red Skull the keeper of
the soul stone he informs them that
Thanos must sacrifice someone he loves
for the stone and fan OHS kills for more
for the soul stone nebula escapes and
gets the guardians to meet her on Thanos
his homeworld of Titan Stark and
spider-man rescue strange also landing
on Titan where they meet up with the
guardians they form a plan to remove
fantasies Infinity Gauntlet and Doctor
Strange uses his time stone to view all
possible outcomes of the situation
seeing only one possibility where Thanos
loses Thanos arrives and they are nearly
able to remove his glove but quill
becomes enraged when he learns of
Kimora's death and Thanos is able to
gain the upper hand
Thanos nearly kills stark but Doctor
Strange is able to spare him by giving
up the time stone later saying that this
is the only way that they could possibly
win in Wakanda Captain America meets up
with Bucky before Thanos attacks the
combined Avengers along with Black
Panther and the Condon's all fight while
Shuri tries to remove the mine stone
from vision but it's unsuccessful
banner unable to transform has to wear
the Hulk
armored Thanos arrives and vision has
the Scarlet Witch destroy the stone
which in turn kills him
however vanos is able to reverse time
using the time stone plucks the stone
from visions forehead and kills him all
over again Thor is able to severely
wound a nose but it fails to kill him
Thanos snaps his fingers and half the
universe is turned to ash immediately
including Bucky black panther Groot
Scarlet Witch Falcon mantis Drax quill
Doctor Strange and spider-man as the
film concludes we see fan OHS watching a
sunrise from another planet in a
mid-credits scene we see both Maria Hill
and Nick Fury are turned to ash but they
are able to send a message out to warn
Captain Marvel so that was the spoilers
for all the Marvel films leading up to
endgame if you have another film you'd
like to see us spoil please let us know
in the comments below check out movie
spoiler alerts on Instagram and remember
to Like and subscribe thanks for
watching
[Music]